---
description: >-
  The Jump Drive is a technology that allows specialized vessels to create
  directed hyperspace.
cover: ../../../.gitbook/assets/tcw-wip-nerd.jpg
coverY: 0
---

# The Jump Drive

**Jump** allows ships to move between stars by crossing hyperspace, covering between 1 and 6 parsecs in approximately **one week**.

This system consumes refined hydrogen, not as direct fuel, but as plasmatic reaction mass that feeds the energy accumulation process for creating a minimal tachyon field using the ship’s lanthanum mesh.

At the critical point of energy accumulation, the tachyon field becomes polarized in a three-dimensional vector, generating directed hyperspace.

During the jump, the ship is completely isolated from normal space: it cannot communicate, receive signals, or be located until it emerges at the end of transit.

However, the polarization of tachyons makes them instantly detectable by specialized sensors, so the vector and power of the jump can be determined at the moment it occurs.

## Interstellar Transit

The interstellar transit process does not simply involve **jumping**: for correct operation and to minimize variables, jumps must be initiated far from any gravitational well or electromagnetic source.

This means moving at least 100 times the diameter of a star or any other massive body in the stellar system.

The same applies at the destination: the target point must be sufficiently far from massive objects.

Both displacements consume time to bring the vessel to and from the jump point at its destination.

### Why one week?

A **jump** has an approximate duration of 168 hours, regardless of the impulse distance.

Hyperspatial displacement is limited by the interaction of polarized tachyons with the ship’s harmonic mass.

Theoretically, instantaneous point-to-point tachyon displacement is possible, but it would require tachyons with infinite negative mass, which would trigger a catastrophic collapse of matter-antimatter microreactions in real space, severely damaging the interstellar vessel and destroying its systems.

Tachyons must maintain a harmonic relationship between real and imaginary mass and energy; this balance allows the jump drive to keep the ship isolated from real space while it moves in a direction at a constant speed, determined by the lanthanum’s space-time resonance.

It is a physical limitation of the materials: lanthanum alloys stand out for their harmonic mass stability, which enables relatively fast and highly reliable jumps.

Calibrating a jump drive is like tuning a musical instrument: the small variations in the harmonic fields generated by the lanthanum mesh determine the precision and stability of the jump.
